Media panels: document image fit and resolution settings (DOCS-2290) (#2941)
wandb/docs: models/app/features/panels/media.mdx

    - **Gallery** (default): Specify the number of columns and whether the grid shows a single item per run (default), step, or index.
    - **Grid**: Specify the number of columns, the x axis (defaults to **Log Step**), and the y axis (defaults to **Run**).
    - **Compare**: Compare up to four media items side by side, optionally fanning out by step or index. See [Compare mode](#compare-mode) for details.

> - Configure how W&B fits and scales media items. These settings have no effect in **Compare** mode.

Reviewer: Link to Compare mode?

> - Configure how W&B fits and scales media items. These settings have no effect in **Compare** mode.

Author: ```suggestion
- Configure how W&B fits and scales media items. These settings have no effect in [**Compare** mode](#compare-mode).
```

    - **Images**: Set **Image fit and resolution** to control how W&B displays images. The available options depend on your deployment type.

        On W&B Multi-tenant Cloud, the following options are available:
        - **Thumbnails** (default): Use thumbnails to optimize loading speed.
        - **Original image**: Load full-resolution images for detailed inspection.
        - **Fit to available space**: Resize full-resolution images to fit within the panel.
        - **Original size**: Load full-resolution images in their original dimensions.

        On W&B Dedicated Cloud or W&B Self-Managed, the following options are available:
        - **Default** (default): Use the default image dimensions for the panel mode.
        - **Fit to available space**: Resize full-resolution images to fit within the panel.
        - **Original size**: Load full-resolution images in their original dimensions.

        On Multi-tenant Cloud, W&B always loads full-resolution images in the full-screen view, regardless of this setting.

>     - **Videos**: In **Gallery** mode, turn on **Use original size** to display videos at their original dimensions. If off (default), W&B scales videos to take up as much room as possible, so that each video fills the panel width. In **Grid** mode, each video fills the grid width.

Reviewer 2: If off (default), W&B scales videos to fill as much panel space as possible while maintaining the video's aspect ratio.

Author: Done

>     - **Videos**: In **Gallery** mode, turn on **Use original size** to display videos at their original dimensions. If off (default), W&B scales videos to take up as much room as possible, so that each video fills the panel width. In **Grid** mode, each video fills the grid width.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Videos**: In **Gallery** mode, turn on **Use original size** to display videos at their original dimensions. If off (default), W&B scales videos to fill as much panel space as possible while maintaining the image's aspect ratio. In **Grid** mode, each video fills the grid width.
```
